Oh, dear.
This dragon banquet
All Qinzhou families gather
The size of the scene is really a pit title
Mr. Su is young and so
There will be no trouble in the future last week
Let's move around more in the future.
Haha, the three seniors are serious.
Ling Yan, you don't have to be humble
Carve the clan name on the dragon tablet
You can become a true historian
Ordinary families want to be promoted to aristocratic families
It can only be hung on both sides of the gantry.
But the Su family hung on the Dragon Palace
This honor is unique
And I have another brain theory.
What guess?
I'm sure you've all heard of it.
The one from the Dragon Hall is going to attend the Rising Dragon Banquet in person tonight
Today, my father attended a special banquet in the Governor's Mansion
The governor himself told my father
He won't come to the Dragon Rising Banquet
Let's think about it.
today
Who will host the Dragon Rising Banquet?
Who is it again?
Hanging the Su family's name tag on the Dragon Palace
You are talking about the Dragon Palace.
No wonder you can get bigger.
Green forest is like a swallow
Quality daughter
We are all dipped in your light this time.
I suggest that everyone toast Lingye and hum